<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="scen_over" xml:lang="en-US">
	<title>What are scenarios?</title>
	<shortdesc>A brief description of scenarios.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<critdates>
		    <created date="2017-08-31"/>
		    <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Scenario</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>In a scenario, you give some variable cells (known as changing cells) different values and
            calculate the effect of the changes on certain result cells. The result cells contain
            formulas with references to the changing cells. For example, you might want to compare
            best-case and worst-case scenarios for the annual profit of a coffee shop, based on
            different costs. The result cell is the cell with the calculated profit. The changing
            cells are the cells with the costs. Identifying the changing cells and result cells is
            key for creating scenarios.</p>
		<p>With the Excel scenario manager, you can easily create new forecasting scenarios, view existing
            scenarios, run scenario management commands, and produce a summary report that shows
            both the input values used in each scenario as well as the values of the result
            cells.</p>
		<note type="tip">It is recommended to always save the current situation in a scenario, for example
            under the name <userinput>Current</userinput>.</note>
	</conbody>
</concept>
