<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="function_overview_datetime" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Overview Date and Time Functions</title>
  <shortdesc>An overview of some functions for day and time.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <critdates>
        <created date="2017-08-31"/>
        <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
    </critdates>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>Functions<indexterm>date and
            time</indexterm><indexterm>DAYS360</indexterm><indexterm>DATE</indexterm><indexterm>NOW</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>DAYS360</title>
      <p>This function returns the number of days between 2 dates, based on a 360-day year (12
        months of 30 days). </p>
      <codeblock>DAYS360(start_date,end_date,[method])</codeblock>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>start_date</pt>
          <pd>Required. The start of the period. Preferably use the DATE function to specify the
            date.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>end_date</pt>
          <pd>Required. The end of the period. Preferably use the DATE function to specify the
            date.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>method</pt>
          <pd>Optional. TRUE for European method, FALSE (default) for US method.</pd>
        </plentry>        
      </parml>
    </section> 
    <section>
      <title>DATE</title>
      <p>This function converts the supplied year, month and date to a serial number that represents
        a particular date. If the cell format is general then the result will be displayed as a
        date.</p>
      <codeblock>DATE(year, month, day)</codeblock>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>year</pt>
          <pd>Required. The year. Preferably use 4 digits for the year.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>month</pt>
          <pd>Required. The month number.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>day</pt>
          <pd>Required. The day number.</pd>
        </plentry>        
      </parml>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>NOW</title>
      <p>This function returns the current date and time. The function has no arguments. The result
        is a serial number and if the cell format is general then it will be displayed as day and
        time. The function updates every time your Excel worksheet is refreshed. Manual refreshing
        is possible via key F9.</p>
      <codeblock>NOW()</codeblock>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
