<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="macro_over" xml:lang="en-US" >
	<title>What are macros?</title>
	<shortdesc>A brief description of the purpose of macros.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<critdates>
		    <created date="2017-08-31"/>
		    <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Macro<indexterm>description</indexterm><indexterm>VBA</indexterm></indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>A task you have to perform regularly in Microsoft Excel can be automated with a macro. A macro
            is a series of commands and functions that can be executed by a single command or click.
            A series of commands can be put in a macro. By running the macro, those commands and
            actions are carried out in succession.</p>
		<p>Excel macros are written in the language Visual Basic for Applications (VBA). The commands and
            actions of the macro are stored in a Visual Basic module. With the Visual Basic editor,
            you can edit macros, copy macros from one module to another, copy macros between
            different workbooks and rename the modules and macros.</p>
		<p>The simple macros can be made by recording the actions with the built-in macro recorder. After
            starting the recorder all actions are recorded and converted to VBA code until the
            recorder is stopped. To get a good macro, it is therefore important to first note the
            actions to be carried out. To record, edit, and run macros, the Developer tab must be
            made visible.</p>
	</conbody>
</concept>
