<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="worksheet_page_ends" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Page Breaks</title>
    <shortdesc>The layout of larger worksheets into pages, and how to adjust them.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2017-08-31"/>
            <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
        </critdates>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>Page
                    Break<indexterm>insert</indexterm><indexterm>delete</indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>There may be only a certain number of rows and columns that could be printed on one
            sheet. Excel automatically adds horizontal and vertical page breaks to divide the sheet
            into appropriate pages. Where these page breaks are depends on many factors such as
            paper size, margins, row heights, column widths, font, .. You can also determine
            yourself where pages should started by insert, move or delete page breaks.</p>
        <section>
            <title>Page Break Example</title>
            <p>Although you can work with page breaks in <uicontrol>Normal</uicontrol> view, the
                best way is to use the <wintitle>Page Break Preview</wintitle>. In this view you can
                see how choices that you can make (such as page orientation and changes of
                formatting) affects the automatic page breaks. For example, you can see how a change
                of row height or column width affects the placement of the automatic page
                breaks.</p>
            <p>Choose <menucascade>
                    <uicontrol>View</uicontrol>
                    <uicontrol>Page Break Preview (group Workbook Views)</uicontrol>
                </menucascade>.</p>
            <p>In this view you can also see the order of the pages. Standard the order is first
                downwards and then sideways. This order can be changed using <uicontrol>Page
                    Setup</uicontrol>.</p>
            <p>To move page breaks, you can drag them with the mouse to the new location.</p>
            <p>To switch back to the <uicontrol>Normal</uicontrol> view choose <menucascade>
                    <uicontrol>View</uicontrol>
                    <uicontrol>Normal (group Workbook Views)</uicontrol>
                </menucascade>.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Inserting Page breaks</title>
            <p>Page breaks can also be applied manually. To do this, follow these steps.</p>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Horizontal page break</dt>
                    <dd>Select the row that has to start on a new page.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Vertical page break</dt>
                    <dd>Select the column that has to start on a new page.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>Then choose <menucascade>
                    <uicontrol>Page Layout</uicontrol>
                    <uicontrol>Breaks (group Page Setup)</uicontrol>
                    <uicontrol>Insert Page Break</uicontrol>
                </menucascade>.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Deleting Page breaks</title>
            <p>The automatically generated page breaks cannot be removed. Only the manually applied
                page breaks can be removed. To do this, follow these steps.</p>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Horizontal page break</dt>
                    <dd>Select the row below the page break.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Vertical page break</dt>
                    <dd>Select the column at the right from the page break.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>Then choose <menucascade>
                    <uicontrol>Page Layout</uicontrol>
                    <uicontrol>Breaks (group Page Setup)</uicontrol>
                    <uicontrol>Remove Page Break</uicontrol>
                </menucascade>.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
