<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="forecasts" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Forecasting and Time series</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2017-08-31"/>
            <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
        </critdates>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>Many business-critical decisions depend on good forecasts for the future. Making a
            forecast is based on historical data.</p>
        <p>The historical data often includes trends, season patterns, and external factors. There
            are two common scenarios:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Financial forecasts of revenue, costs, and profits as well as indicators such as the
                number of new customers or sales price.</li>
            <li>Product demand forecasts are a critical step in the supply chain management of an
                organization. Based on this is the purchase of raw materials and the deployments of
                people and machines. Forecasting is often unique for a line of business. For
                example, an electricity company will estimate the energy to be delivered in the
                future. And a hospital will plan the number of beds needed.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>For a thorough understanding of time series and the various forecasting techniques,
            proper statistical knowledge is required. In this study book, the statistical
            backgrounds are not treated. The amount of formulas is also reduced as much as possible.
            The objectives of this chapter are:</p>
        <ol>
            <li>Introduction in the analysis of time series.</li>
            <li>Introduction of forecasting techniques in general and the possibilities with
                Excel.</li>
            <li>Gaining practical skills through tasks and exercises.</li>
        </ol>
    </conbody>
</concept>
