<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="forecasts_timeserie_introduction" xml:lang="en-US">
 <title>What is a time serie?</title>
 <shortdesc/>
 <prolog>
  <critdates>
   <created date="2017-08-31"/>
   <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
  </critdates>
  <metadata>
   <keywords>
    <indexterm>Tijdreeks</indexterm>
   </keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
        <p>The historical data are usually <term>time series</term>, a set of observations of a
            variable measured at successive intervals or over successive periods. When the data
            provided have a specific pattern in the time, then can this pattern can be used to make
            a forecast for a future value.</p>
        <p>It could also be that the value of a variable depends on other variables than the time.
            For example, there could be a relation between blood pressure and age. You then have an
            independent variable (age) and a dependent variable (blood pressure). Such relationships
            between variables are examined with<term>regression-analysis</term>. This chapter
            discusses only forecasts with time series. When you see the time as an independent
            variable, then you can also use regression analysis in time series.</p>
        <p>After the study and analysis of time series, models with associated forecasting
            techniques are prepared. Often you try multiple models with an accuracy analysis. The
            cost of inaccurate predictions can be significant. Over-optimistic forecasts can result
            in the production of too many items that might be destroyed. And low forecasts can
            result in lost revenue opportunities.</p>
        <p>Depending on the amount of data, the desired quality of the forecasts and the presence of
            specific statistical know-how,  the calculations will be done with statistical software
            packages (R, SPSS, ...) or with Microsoft Excel. In this chapter you will only work with
            the standard possibilities of Excel, without specific add-inns. A single time the result
            of Excel is compared to the result that R provides.</p>
  <p>A time series is a set of (measure) data of a variable over a certain period of time. The data
            consists of repeated measurements at fixed times such as each hour day week, month,
            quarter, year or regular period. The data is thus ordered in time and the time between
            each observation is constant.</p>
        <p>Examples of time series:<ul id="ul_o34_xl2_vx">
                <li>Sickness absence per month or year</li>
                <li>Sales per month</li>
                <li>Sales per quarter</li>
                <li>Road deaths per year</li>
                <li>…</li>
            </ul></p>
        <p>Many time series show a trend (increase or decrease) and / or seasonality, variations
            specific to a particular time frame. For example the sale of ice in summer will be
            higher than in winter.</p>
  <!--<p>Voorbeeld van een tijdreeks laten zien (Airpassengers uit R)</p>-->
<!--  plot(AirPassengers, xlab="Jaar", ylab ="Aantal passagiers", main="Aantal internationale vliegtuigpassagiers per maand in 1949-1960"); AirPassengers   -->
        <p>When making forecasts you want to estimate future values ​​of the series. For this you
            use data from the past. These historical data are studied and analyzed trying to detect
            a pattern in the data to make the best possible model of the time series.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
