<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="array_dynamic" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Dynamic array formulas</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2020-08-31"/>
            <revised modified="2020-08-31"/>
        </critdates>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>Matrix</indexterm>
                <indexterm>Array</indexterm>
                <indexterm>Dynamic</indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>An array formula entered in one cell on the worksheet can give results in multiple cells
            on the worksheet. This behavior is called <term>spilling</term>, and the results appear
            in a <term>spill range</term>. Which cells and how many depends on the result of the
            formula. If the source content of the formula changes, the results are dynamically
            updated, and the spill range may grow or shrink. You get an #SPILL! Error when the
            spilling is blocked by other data in the cells.</p>
        <note type="important">Dynamic array formula's are only available in Excel365!</note>
        <p><b>Referencing spill range</b></p>
        <p>To create a reference to a spill range, put a hash symbol <codeph>#</codeph> after the
            address of the first cell of the spill range. For example, if the spill range is J2: N4,
            you refer to it with<codeph> =J2#</codeph>.</p>
        <p>You can also include this reference in a formula. For example,
                <codeph>=COUNT(J2#)</codeph> returns 15, the number of cells in this range. When on
            a later moment, the size of the spill range changes, the result of the formula also
            changes.</p>
        <p><b>Naming arrays</b></p>
        <p>When you are using arrays in formulas, it is very useful to provide them with a name.
            This can be done the same way you are assigning a name to a cell.</p>
        <p><b>New dynamic array functions</b></p>
        <p>To support the behavior of dynamic arrays, a number of new dynamic array functions have
            been released</p>
        <p>: RANARRAY, FILTER, SEQUENCE, SORT, SORTBY, UNIQUE, XMATCH and XLOOKUP.</p>
        <!--Zeer nuttige site met voorbeelden: https://exceljet.net/glossary/dynamic-array -->
    </conbody>

</concept>
