<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="intro_over" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>What is Excel?</title>
    <shortdesc>A brief introduction to spreadsheets.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2017-08-31"/>
            <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
        </critdates>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>calculation sheet</indexterm>
                <indexterm>Spreadsheet</indexterm>
                <indexterm>Workbook</indexterm>
                <indexterm>Worksheet</indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>A <term>spreadsheet</term> is a computer program with which you can put data (text,
            numbers, ...) in sheets consisting of rows and columns. Besides capturing data, you can
            also perform a variety of operations on the data. Microsoft Excel is such a program.</p>
        <p>The term <term>spreadsheet</term> is also used to refer to the file created by the
            program. And in Excel, an individual file is also referred to as a
            <term>workbook</term>. The standard file format in Excel is <term>XLSX</term>. However,
            Excel can save a workbook in other file formats and can also read other file
            formats.</p>
        <p>A <term>workbook</term> can have one or more <term>worksheets</term>. A
                <term>worksheet</term> is divided into rows and columns. The intersection of a row
            and a column is a <term>cell</term>. Individual cells are usually identified by a column
            letter and a row number. For example, B3 specifies the cell in column B and row 3. In
            these cells, you can enter text, numbers, and formulas. With the formulas, you can
            perform calculations with numbers or operations on texts. In the formulas, references to
            other cells may occur, which gives you the possibility to set up large and complex
            calculation models. With each change, everything will be automatically recalculated.
            This makes spreadsheets very useful for running the so-called <term>What-if
                analysis</term>. Here you change some values in the model and then look at what
            impact this has on the results in the model. You can then quickly calculate a number of
            different scenarios. In addition, it is not difficult to make nice graphs using
            Excel.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
