<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="intro_excel_fileformats" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>File formats of Excel</title>
    <shortdesc>An overview of the new and old file formats of Excel.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2017-08-31"/>
            <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
        </critdates>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>File formats</indexterm>
                <indexterm>Compatibility mode</indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section>
            <title>File formats for  Excel 2007, Excel 2010, Excel 2013 and Excel 2016</title>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>XLSX</dt>
                    <dd>This is the default format for workbooks without macros, created with Excel
                        2007, Excel 2010, Excel 2013, and Excel 2016. In this formats, macros are
                        not allowed.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>XLSM</dt>
                    <dd>This is the file format for workbooks with macros.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>XLSB</dt>
                    <dd>This is a special binary file format for very large workbooks with tons of
                        data.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>XLTX</dt>
                    <dd>This is the file format for an Excel template file without macros.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>XLTM</dt>
                    <dd>This is the file format for an Excel template file with macros.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <note type="attention">Template files can be used to generate new workbooks containing
                the same layout and content as the template.</note>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Old file formats</title>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>XLS</dt>
                    <dd>This is the file format for workbooks created with Excel 2003 and older
                        programs. When you open this file format in a newer Excel version, it will
                        be opened in the <term>Compatibility mode</term>. In this mode, you can make
                        changes, but if you want to save the file, Excel checks whether the changes
                        are supported in the old file format and displays a list of components that
                        are not supported.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>XLT</dt>
                    <dd>The file format for templates created with Excel 2003 and before.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
