<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="intro_excel_start" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Task: Starting Excel</title>
    <shortdesc>Instructions on how to start Excel.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2017-08-31"/>
            <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
        </critdates>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>Excel<indexterm>starting</indexterm></indexterm>
                <indexterm>Starting</indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>The possibilities to start Excel depend on the way the system is installed. This
                course assumes a default installation of Microsoft Office <ph keyref="officeversion"
                /> EN on a system with Windows 10. On almost all computers Excel can be started
                through the start button of Windows and this method is described here..</p>
            <note type="tip">The most convenient start is through a shortcut on the desktop or
                through a button on the task bar.</note>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Choose <menucascade>
                        <uicontrol>Start button</uicontrol>
                        <uicontrol>Excel 2016</uicontrol>
                    </menucascade>.</cmd>
                <stepresult>The starting screen from Excel appears. In the left part you can see the
                    recently opened files and in the right part an overview of the available
                    templates.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on the template <uicontrol>Blank workbook</uicontrol></cmd>
                <stepresult>A new workbook is displayed with the name <wintitle>Book1</wintitle> and
                    an empty worksheet with the name <wintitle>Sheet1</wintitle>.</stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <example>
            <title>Disabling startscreen</title>
            <p>Normally the start screen appears at startup. This screen displays the most recent
                documents and the available templates. startscherm toont een lijst met recente
                documenten en de beschikbare sjablonen. This can be useful in some cases, but it is
                also possible to start Excel with an empty sheet.</p>
            <p>First start Excel an then choose <menucascade>
                    <uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
                    <uicontrol>Options</uicontrol>
                    <uicontrol>tab General</uicontrol>
                </menucascade> and deselect the option <uicontrol>Show the Start screen when this
                    application starts</uicontrol>.</p>
            <p>The first time you start Excel again, you get immediately a new workbook with an
                empty sheet.</p>
        </example>
    </taskbody>
</task>
