<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="ex_solv010" outputclass="exercise" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Exercise: solv010 - Savings bank</title>
  <shortdesc>Level: 3</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <critdates>
      <created date="2017-08-31"/>
      <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
    </critdates>
    <metadata>
      <keywords/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <section>
      <p>A savings bank has 3 million euros for investing. The investment portfolios are personal
                loans, mortgages (first and second mortgages), and car leasing. In the articles of
                the bank association you can find some conditions regarding the spending of the
                funds:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>At least 30 percent of the total loaned amount must be invested in mortgages.</li>
        <li>At least 50% of the amount intended for mortgages must be invested in first
          mortgages.</li>
        <li>Up to 25% of the total loaned amount is allowed to be spent on personal loans and car
                    leasing together.</li>
        <li>Up to 15% of the total loaned amount is allowed to be invested in personal loans.</li>
      </ul>
      <p>The annual yield of each type of loan is listed in the following table.</p>
      <simpletable frame="all">
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Loan type</stentry>
          <stentry>Yield</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Personal loan</stentry>
          <stentry>18%</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>First mortgage</stentry>
          <stentry>12%</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Second mortgage</stentry>
          <stentry>14%</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Car leasing</stentry>
          <stentry>16%</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
      <p>Determine, using the Solver, how much money (in multiples of € 1000,-) in each of the four
        types of loans should be invested so that the yield is as high as possible.</p>
    </section>
    <section otherprops="answer">
      <title>Answer</title>
      <simpletable frame="all">
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Loan type</stentry>
          <stentry>Amount</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Personal loan</stentry>
          <stentry>450 K€</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>First mortgage</stentry>
          <stentry>1125 K€</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Second mortgage</stentry>
          <stentry>1125 K€</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Car leasing</stentry>
          <stentry>300 K€</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
      <p>Total yield of 422 K€. Rounding on euro cents can cause small differences.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
