<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="preface-online" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Preface</title>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2017-08-31"/>
            <revised modified="2018-08-28"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <body>
        <p>Welcome to this online textbook of <ph keyref="productname"/> <ph keyref="productversion"/>.</p>
        <p>This textbook is intended to provide a thorough introduction to <ph keyref="productname"/> and to present
            enough information about features in <ph keyref="productname"/> for readers to be able to use them.</p>
        <p>The book is written for:<ol>
                <li>students in the middle and higher education.</li>
            <li>business people using <ph keyref="productname"/></li>
            </ol></p>
        <p>The book is different from other <ph keyref="productname"/> textbooks in several ways.</p>
        <ul>
            <li>It is free and online, making it accessible to a wide audience.</li>
            <li>The online version is regularly updated. You don’t have to wait until the next
                edition for errors to be removed or new topics (espicially for data analysis) are
                added.</li>
            <li>Topics are developed to perform a specific task and master a specific task, no more
                and no less. This has resulted in concrete stepwise tasks without additional
                information that may cause only distraction. Each task has a title that starts with
                the word <wintitle>Task:</wintitle> so that it is clear that something has to be
                carried out.</li>
            <li>At the end of most chapters there is a series of exercises. The title of an exercise
                always starts with the word <wintitle>Exercise:</wintitle> followed by a unique code
                and a short description. If the exercise has a final answer than it appears.</li>
            <li>The content of the tasks and exercises is mainly determined by competences and
                skills that higher education requires. Many of the problems have come from
                experiences of students in the professional practice during internships and
                graduation.</li>
        </ul>
        <p><b>A digital edition of the textbook can be purchased in PDF and EPUB format.</b><ul>
                <li>PDF: suitable for reading on a PC / laptop and for making a paper print. The
                    content is searchable and can be zoomed.</li>
                <li>EPUB: suitable for reading on a PC / laptop, e-reader, iPad, tablet. Font and
                    font size can be adjusted (depending on the device). The content is
                    searchable.</li>
            </ul></p>
        <p>Information about how to buy a digital edition will be followed soon.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
