<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="preface" xml:lang="en-USL">
    <title>Preface</title>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2017-08-31"/>
            <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <body>
        <p>The textbooks from Softwijs differ from other textbooks by content, composition and
            output format.</p>
        <p>The parts are developed with the idea that the student must learn to perform a specific
            task, master a certain skill, no more and no less. This has resulted in concrete
            stepwise tasks without additional information that may cause only distraction. Each task
            is a paragraph in a chapter and the title of such a paragraph always starts with the
            word <wintitle>Task:</wintitle> so that it is clear that something has to be carried out
            in this paragraph. If necessary, background information and overviews for reference is
            given in other paragraphs.</p>
        <p>At the end of most chapters there is a series of exercises. The title of an exercise
            always starts with the word <wintitle>Exercise:</wintitle> followed by a unique code and
            a short description. If the exercise has a final answer than it appears.</p>
        <p>The content of the tasks and exercises is mainly determined by competences and skills
            that middle and higher education requires. Many of the problems have come from
            experiences of students in the professional practice during internships and
            graduation.</p>
        <p>The textbooks can be are available in the following output formats:<ul>
                <li>PDF: for reading on a PC / laptop and for making a paper print. The content is
                    search able and can be zoomed.</li>
                <li>EPUB: for reading on a PC / laptop, e-reader, iPad, tablet. Te user can adjust
                    font and font size, depending on the device. And the content is search able. And
                    the content is search able.</li>
            </ul></p>
        <p>Further, it is also possible to deliver the content of the textbook in other output
            formats like: MOBI (for Kindle), HTML (for websites), CHM (Windows Help) and Eclipse
            Help.</p>
        <p>Softwijs provides the following textbooks:<ul>
                <li>Microsoft Access (Dutch, English, different versions)</li>
                <li>Microsoft Excel (Dutch, English, different versions)</li>
            </ul></p>
        <p>Furthermore you can download for free from the website of Softwijs<ul>
                <li>Grafieken, a Dutch guide about the use of various types of graphs.</li>
                <li>Zotero, a guide about how to use this free reference manager.</li>
            </ul></p>
    </body>
</topic>
