<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="meas_over" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Measurements and their results</title>
    <shortdesc>A brief description of what measurement results are and how to process them with Excel.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2017-08-31"/>
            <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
        </critdates>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>Variables</indexterm>
                <indexterm>Dependent variable</indexterm>
                <indexterm>Independent variable</indexterm>
                <indexterm>Regression line</indexterm>
                <indexterm>Least squares method</indexterm>
                <indexterm>Linear relationship</indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>Researchers often want to have an answer to the question of whether the value of a
            variable depends on the value of another variable. To find out this, they carry out
            measurements. When performing these measurements, the value of one variable is changed
            (the <term>independent variable</term>) and the value of another variable (the
                <term>dependent variable</term>) is measured. This results in a series of measured
            values that are plotted in a chart. The shape of the chart gives mostly a first
            impression of whether there is a relationship between the two variables and the type of
            it: linear, exponential, logarithmic, … A relationship between two variables is
            represented by a mathematical function, represented by an equation. When a relationship
            is linear, the chart is a straight line.</p>
        <p>When plotting the measurement results, there will mostly be no line that fits all points.
            Using statistical methods, applications like Excel can determine the best fitting line.
            Such a line is called a <term>regression line</term>. The calculation method for finding
            the best line is known as the <term>least-squares method</term>. The backgrounds of this
            method and the statistical techniques are not treated. If you want to know more you have
            to study the literature.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
