<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="table_calculated_column" xml:lang="en-US">
	<title>Task: Calculated Column</title>
	<shortdesc>How to create a calculated column.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<critdates>
		    <created date="2017-08-31"/>
		    <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Calculated column</indexterm>
				<indexterm>Table<indexterm>calculated column</indexterm></indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
            <p>When you enter a formula into an empty table column, then that formula will
                automatically expand to the rest of the column. You don't need a Fill or Copy
                command. Such a column is called a calculated column. And when you change a formula,
                then this change is automatically expanded to the rest of the calculated column.</p>
            <p>The easiest way to create a new calculated column is to start typing in the column
                immediately to the right of the table. The table will automatically extended.</p>
            <note type="other" othertype="File"><filepath>Personnel.xlsx</filepath></note>
        </context>
		<steps>
			<step conref="../common/reuse_task_parts.dita#reuse_task_parts/File_Open">
				<cmd/>
			</step>
		    <step>
                <cmd>Convert the data range to a table.</cmd>
            </step>
		    <step>
                <cmd>Select cell <option>I2</option> and enter the formula
                        <userinput>=ROUND([@Salary],0)</userinput></cmd>
                <info>References like [@Salary] are called structured references, which is unique to
                    Excel tables. The structured reference format is what allows the table to use
                    the same formula for each row.</info>
                <stepresult>A new table column with the calculated values is created.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Change the column header in <userinput>Rounded Salary</userinput>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select a numeric cell in the new column, <menucascade>
                        <uicontrol>Right-click</uicontrol>
                        <uicontrol>Select</uicontrol>
                        <uicontrol>Table Column Data</uicontrol>
                    </menucascade></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Change the cell format in <option>Accounting, 0 decimals</option></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select cell <option>J2</option> and enter the formula
                        <userinput>=YEAR(NOW())-YEAR([@[Start date]])</userinput></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Change the column header in <userinput>Age</userinput>.</cmd>
            </step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
