<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="data_decimal_separator" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Language-dependent number formats</title>
    <shortdesc>Separators for decimals and thousands are dependent on the language of Windows, but
        can be changed in Excel.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2017-08-31"/>
            <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
        </critdates>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>Decimal separator</indexterm>
                <indexterm>Thousands separator</indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>The way Excel is formatting numbers depends of the language version of Windows.
            Especially for the decimal and thousands separators this may cause confusion and
            problems. By default, Windows uses the following characters.</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Dutch<ul>
                    <li>Decimal separator comma: 12,34</li>
                    <li>Thousands separator point: 12.345</li>
                </ul></li>
            <li>English<ul>
                    <li>Decimal separator point: 12.34</li>
                    <li>Thousands separator comma: 12,345</li>
                </ul></li>
        </ul>
        <p>When you want to change these settings permanently, it must be done through the regional
            settings in the control panel of Windows.</p>
        <p>Fortunately, you can temporarily change these settings in Excel. To do this, follow these
            steps.</p>
        <ol>
            <li>Click <menucascade>
                    <uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
                    <uicontrol>Options</uicontrol>
                    <uicontrol>Advanced</uicontrol>
                </menucascade></li>
            <li>Under <q>Editing options</q> clear the check box <uicontrol>Use system
                    separators</uicontrol>.</li>
            <li>Type new separators in the <uicontrol>Decimal separator</uicontrol> and
                    <uicontrol>Thousands separator</uicontrol> boxes.</li>
        </ol>
        <note type="tip">When you want to use the system separators again, select the <uicontrol>Use
                system separators</uicontrol> check box.</note>
    </conbody>
</concept>
