<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="solver_over" xml:lang="en-US">
	<title>What is the Solver?</title>
	<shortdesc>A brief description of the add-in <term>Solver</term>.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<critdates>
		    <created date="2017-08-31"/>
		    <revised modified="2017-08-31"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Solver<indexterm>objective cell</indexterm><indexterm>variable
						cells</indexterm><indexterm>changing cells</indexterm><indexterm>decision
						variables</indexterm><indexterm>limitations</indexterm><indexterm>restrictions</indexterm><indexterm>constraints</indexterm></indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>The <term>Solver</term> is an add-in for Excel to perform optimization calculations. In such
			calculations you want to find the optimal value for a formula in one cell, mostly the
				<term>minimum</term> or <term>maximum</term> or a very specific value.</p>
		<p>The cell you want to find the optimal value for is called the <term>objective cell</term>. The
			result of the formula in the objective cell always depends on values in other cells.
			When these values are adjusted, the value of the objective cell will also change. You
			can change the value of these cells to influence the result in the objective cell. These
			cells are called <term>variable cells</term>, <term>changing cells</term> or
				<term>decision variables</term>.</p>
		<p>It often happens that the <term>variable cells</term> can not have every possible value. Those
			values are often bound to certain limits. This can also be true for other cells that
			influence the value of the objective cell. So the value in cells can have limitations.
			Limitations are called <term>restrictions</term> or <term>constraints</term>. The
			possible solution can therefore depend on restrictions or limits to the values of other
			cells. The Solver adjusts the values in the decision variable cells to satisfy the
			limits or constraint cells and produces the result you want for the objective cell.</p>
		<p>In summary you have:</p>
		<ul>
			<li>One <term>objective cell</term>, which should get an optimal value (minimum, maximum,
				other).</li>
			<li>One or more <term>variable cells</term> whose values can be adjusted to get a different
				result for the objective cell.</li>
			<li>Possible <term>restrictions</term> for the values of some cells.</li>
		</ul>
		<p>To be able to carry out such an optimization calculation, you must first set up a suitable
			calculation model in Excel. This is often much more difficult than using the Solver
			itself.</p>

	</conbody>
</concept>
